Your phone is broken.
It's okay, just fix it.
I'll get you a new one.
No, no need
There is no need to change to a new one
Tell the finance department
To all employees
Each person will receive a brand new iPhone 15 top configuration
Oh, okay.
Thank you Mr. Lin
Military parade, look how good General Lin is to you.
Because I changed my phone for you alone
Replaced for all of us.
I just take advantage of you
I didn't expect the new CEO to be so young and handsome.
This is not the most important
The most important thing is to have this
I heard that he recently acquired Crescent Moon
It cost 10 billion.
When the sister strategy
She became the boss lady.
No more need to appease those stupid brothers
Feng Ge
Let me show you around the work environment.
Mr. Lin, I recently wrote a new live broadcast script
Please help me take a look
What to watch
I hate that you are my boss.
Of course, you can watch whatever you want.